Low Level Docs (#32)
bitcoin-sv/ts-sdk: docs/low-level/AES_SYMMETRIC_ENCRYPTION.md

<img src="./images/symmetric_encryption_diagram.png" width="600" alt=""/>

If you would like to learn more about AES encryption, here are some general resources that may help:

- [AES - Wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advanced_Encryption_Standard)
- [GCM - Wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Galois/Counter_Mode)

The library supports GCM, a specific counter mode of AES that works well in many applications. The library also handles initialization vectors, automatically prepending them to ciphertext and removing them in the decryption process. Now that you know the basics, let's get started!

## Getting Started

First, let's import the `SymmetricKey` class from the SDK, and we'll also use `Utils` for human-readable messages.

```ts
import { SymmetricKey, Utils } from '@bsv/sdk'
```

Next, we wil define the keys to be used and the data to encrypt. They `.encrypt()` method expects a parameter of type `number[]` so we will use the Utils `toArray` function to convert the UTF8 message to the correct type.

```ts
  const symmetricKey = SymmetricKey.fromRandom()

>   const messageToEncrypt: number[] = Utils.toArray('Hello Alice, this is Bob!', 'utf8')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  const messageToEncrypt = 'Hello Alice, this is Bob!'
```

It defaults to UTF8 number [] anyway.

```

### Encrypting and Decrypting

When you encrypt a message, an initialization vector is prepended to the message to prevent potential key re-use attacks. Conversely, when decrypting, the initialization vector that was initially added is spliced out and used in the AES-GSM decryption processes.

We will use the `encrypt` and `decrypt` methods of the SymmetricKey class to transform the message.

```ts
  const encryptedMessage = SymmetricKey.encrypt(messageToEncrypt)

>   const plaintext = SymmetricKey.decrypt(encryptedMessage) as number[]
> ```
> 
> Finally, to parse out the text as a UTF8 string from a number array, we'll use the `Utils.toUTF8()` function:
> 
> ```ts
>   const plaintextMessage = Utils.toUTF8(plaintext)
>   // console.log(plaintextMessage) --> 'Hello Alice, this is Bob!'
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  const plaintext = SymmetricKey.decrypt(encryptedMessage, 'utf8')
  // console.log(plaintext) --> 'Hello Alice, this is Bob!'
```
```

Reviewer: cleaner?

It's nice to have Utils pulled out for other uses though. Open to leaving it.
